somewhere in the heart of this city in a
small shop closing for the night a
robbery is in progress but help is on
the way
mind if I drop in John Ritter is Steve
Nichols
hero at large are you Jake
I'm captain Avenger such a nice boy he
can't fly tomorrow I'm leaping over a
tall building in a single bound wrong
I'm expanding he can't bend steel I'm in
big trouble fighting crime is a dirty
business
but when there's danger he can't turn
away right there don't make another move
if they're gonna use real bullets
I think he's loved by women not always
the season did you say that all girls
cheered by men want their superhero and
all he stands for to hold on and
worshiped by children he's never done
he's nutty but noble I'm counting to
three Milo this is Robert Redford he's
dizzy but dedicated but he's really just
an actor who got carried away with a
roll it's just like any other part you
gotta really get into it
captain impinging anyway your agent I
took a third-rate movie made it the
biggest hit of the year with a simple
gimmick captain Avenger comes to your
neighborhood
it's me Steve Nichols all he knows about
heroes is that people need one yeah I
heard it a couple of times all he could
do was make himself hero
at large well I think it's really
terrific John Ritter and Archer Bert
Convy and Kevin McCarthy hero at large
at last help is on the way